+++
title = "Programming Retreat June 2022"
+++
# Programming Retreat June 2022

This is an immersive project/learning retreat for software developers. You will spend your time on retreat working on a specific project or learning a particular subject. You will be surrounded by a community of supportive peers doing similar work.

## Dates

This is a 6-week retreat.

**Travel/arrival:** Monday June 20, 2022

**Depart:** Friday July 29, 2022

## What is a self-directed programming retreat?

This retreat provides a substantial block of time to work on projects where you are fully in control of your own time. You choose what to work on or what to learn and how to go about it. There are no formal classes, curricula, teachers, or instruction.

## Summer in the Adirondacks

Adirondack State Park is the largest publicly protected area in the contiguous United States. It constitues 6 million acres of forest, rivers, lakes, mountains, and trails. Summertime here is glorious: warm enough to swim in the fresh water lakes but never uncomfortably hot. Most activities are either free or very low cost.

## How do I get there?

**Car:** Malone, NY is drivable in a day from NYC, Boston, or Montreal. If you plan to drive a private car just let us know. We have private off-street parking available for a limited number of guests. If you are willing to offer carpool rides to other guests, that's fantastic. Let us know and we can help coordinate.

**Bus:** Greyhound runs from Port Authority to Plattsburg, NY departing 8:30 AM and arriving at 3:30 PM for $69. We can shuttle groups from Plattsburgh to FRC.

**Train:** Amtrack to Albany will get you about half way to FRC but still 3.5 hours to drive from there. You can also take a bus from Albany to Plattsburgh which is much closer to FRC.

**Plane:** Flying into Albany, NY is your best option. If you can take rideshare/taxi to the Albany Greyhound bus station, you can take the bus on to Plattsburgh, NY and we can coordinate a ride from Plattsburgh to Malone for you.

If a cluster of guests are coming from the same city, we will arrange round trip private van.

## Food


## Info sessions

We will be hosting online info/Q&A sessions:

* Thursday May 12th 12:00 PM Eastern
* Saturday May 14th 3:00 PM Eastern
